# Design-oriented Research (Hevner)

1. **Design as an Artifact:** The result of this research project is an IT artifact. It provides an implementation of a specific electronic exam. This artifact aims to be used in the real world examination process.
2. **Problem Relevance:** With the rise of the Corona crisis E-Education suddenly has become a necessity. While there is a wide variety of options when it comes to distributing educational content, there is a shortage of cheap and well-thought-out systems for electronic exams. Even after the Corona crunch, conducting electronic exams has the power to make the assessment process less time and cost intense.
3. **Design Evaluation:** The effectiveness of the artifact was evaluated with particular focus on cheating behaviour. First tests were conducted in a low stakes environment that only some degree can emulate a real test taking environment. Further tests and improvements can be conducted and made in real world exams.
4. **Research Contribution:** There are few systems designed for providing high academic validity (i.d. prevent cheating in exams). Many systems that do exist, make use of *Proctoring* (the student is continuously watched over video stream) environments which are expensive and still easily can be fooled. This research artifact aims to minimize academic dishonesty through design decisions.
5. **Research Rigor:** This thesis builds upon research in the fields of education. Taking into consideration what other Universities have already incorporated into their examination process and what empirical studies have shown to be valuable and efficient. 
6. **Design as a Search Process:** In essence an exam is just a quiz with higher integrity requirements. So in a way there are electronic implementation of quizzes, that already meet some requirements for electronic exams. This project aims to design a feasible artifact for a specific use case. Thereby considering other implementations of electronic exams and quizzes and improving/building upon their ideas.
7. **Research Communication:** This thesis focuses on illustrating design considerations, that were made in order to develop an artifact, that most closely fit the needs of educators. Therefore, this thesis is of interest to those want to build upon the considerations that were proposed. The actual technical intricacies should only briefly be touched upon, to give some insight into the technical base of the given artifact.